Blockstack/pr template (#2008)
stacks-network/stacks-blockchain: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
  IMPORTANT
  Pull requests are ideal for making small changes to this project. However, they are NOT an appropriate venue to introducing non-trivial or breaking changes to the codebase.

  For introducing non-trivial or breaking changes to the codebase, please follow the SIP (Stacks Improvement Proposal) process documented here:
  https://github.com/blockstack/stacks-blockchain/blob/master/sip/sip-000-stacks-improvement-proposal-process.md.
-->

### Description

### Applicable issues
- fixes #

### Additional info (benefits, drawbacks, caveats)

### Checklist
- [ ] Test coverage for new or modified code paths
- [ ] Changelog is updated

> - [ ] Required documentation changes (ex: `rpc-endpoints.md` for v2 endpoints, `event-dispatcher.md` for new events)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Required documentation changes (e.g., `docs/rpc/openapi.yaml` and `rpc-endpoints.md` for v2 endpoints, `event-dispatcher.md` for new events)
```

Use the following template to create your pull request

## Description

Describe the changes that where made in this pull request. When possible start with a user story - short, simple descriptions of a feature told from the perspective of the person who desires the new capability. Be sure to also include the following information:

1. Motivation for change
2. What was changed
3. How does this impact application developers
4. Link to relevant issues and documentation

> 5. Provide examples of use cases with code samples and applicable acceptance criteria

Reviewer 2: Generally speaking, PRs that aren't part of the SIP process are going to be for (comparatively) very small changes.  Most non-trivial features should be implemented via the SIP process.

Author: Added a comment at the top of the PR template to address this concern.

Example:
As a Blockstack developer, I would like to encrypt files using the app private key. This is needed because storing unencrypted files is unacceptable. This pull request adds the `encryptContent` function which will take a string and encrypt it using the app private key.

```
encryptContent('my data')

// Running the above should result in the following encrypted data object
{"iv":"c91...","ephemeralPK":"031...","cipherText":"d61...","mac":"e73..."}
```

For details refer to issue #123

## Type of Change
- [ ] New feature
- [ ] Bug fix
- [ ] API reference/documentation update
- [ ] Other

> ## Does this introduce a breaking change?

Reviewer 2: I don't think this section makes very much sense for the blockchain come mainnet, since the blockchain has an extremely low tolerance for most kinds of breaking changes (and upgrades require a high degree of coordination with the network participants).  I think the SIP process should be used to submit potentially-breaking changes, and this PR template should warn users up-front that consensus-breaking changes and network-protocol-breaking changes will not be accepted (since this is not the appropriate venue).

Author: Added SIP info regarding breaking changes

List the APIs or describe the functionality that this PR breaks.
Workarounds for or expected timeline for deprecation

## Are documentation updates required?
<!-- 
  DOCUMENTATION
  Consider if this PR makes changes that require documentation updates:
    - API changes
    - Renamed methods
    - Change in instructions inside tutorials/guides
    - etc...

   The best way to find these is by searching inside the docs at https://github.com/blockstack/docs
-->

> - [ ] Link to documentation updates: 

Reviewer 2: I think this section should reference any relevant SIPs that need to be updated or extended to describe the behavior this PR implements.  Post-mainnet, this section should ask the submitter to reference the SIP it implements.

Author: Added reference for updating/extending SIPs

## Testing information

Provide context on how tests should be performed.

> 1. Is testing required for this change?

Reviewer 2: This is _always_ a "yes".

2. If it’s a bug fix, list steps to reproduce the bug
3. Briefly mention affected code paths
4. List other affected projects if possible

> 5. Things to watch out for when testing

Reviewer 2: * All PRs must have tests that explore all reasonably-reachable code paths.  When possible, they must be unit tests (but integration tests may be accepted if the PR alters behaviors that are only observed when multiple nodes are running and communicating concurrently).  Special attention must be paid to error paths on code that is reachable from the networking code.
* Code that potentially leads to a denial of service (a node crash), such as the use of `.unwrap()`, `unwrap_err()`, or `.expect()`, is heavily discouraged.

Author: Added above items to the list

## Checklist

> - [ ] Code is commented where needed

Reviewer 2: Also, `cargo fmt` must pass

Author: Added checklist item

- [ ] Unit test coverage for new or modified code paths

> - [ ] `cargo test` passes

Reviewer 2: Also, bitcoin integration tests and network integration tests pass.

Author: Added checklist items. Can you double check the commands I added for the integ and network tests are correct?

- [ ] Changelog is updated

> - [ ] Tag @kantai and @jcnelson for review

Reviewer 3: This is guaranteed to create a non-uniform load for PR reviews. I suggest removing entirely, or replacing with `@blockstack/blockchain-team`

Reviewer 2: Please remove it entirely.  I already get emails for each PR submitted anyway -- no need to tag.
